Did you know you can make up to 13 grand
per day striping and seal coating
parking lots and driveways? Someone
could literally start this business with
just a roller and some paint. Yeah,
that's what I did. Better yet, you can
get started with a $10 roller and a
bucket of paint. Today, I'm meeting with
my friend Hunter who did exactly that
and in his second month made $46,000. We
did $46,825.
So, we're going to talk about how you
can start this without any equipment,
how you can find customers. I showed up
in my minivan. You have the $26,000 job
with the minivan.
>> Yeah, that's amazing. How to price jobs
and what equipment to buy. So, without
further ado, let's go meet Hunter.
All right. Of all things, why line
striping?
>> Yeah. I So, I listened to your podcast
where where you talked with Sino and
he's he was talking about making 18,000
20,000 the second month and I thought,
okay, this is interesting. I like how
visual it is. I like how you can get
started with very little money. And I uh
I like how one of the things I like most
is how it can grow. So, I've done $200
jobs. I've done $20,000 jobs. And it
doesn't take long to get to that point.
>> Yeah. So, how did you go from zero to
your first dollar, your first customer?
>> Yeah. So, so I did practice a little
bit. Uh I I went down to just an old
parking lot. Here's the machine. I put
some water in it and I just tried to run
follow along the lines and see see what
that
>> Just with water.
>> Just with water. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't
ready to mess up. Yeah.
>> And and see how hard it was. It was not
hard at all. And then I ended up doing
one little lot for a nonprofit just for
free. Just wanted to help them out and
and actually try it.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh it was just five lines, super small.
It took a long time, but but we did it.
And then uh I started looking for jobs.
So I I went door knockocking. That was
hard. It it didn't feel like it was the
best use of my time. So, I Yeah. jumped
into email.
>> So, people don't have to go doornocking
to be successful here.
>> I I have heard so many people who do it
and they crush it. But that's not me.
>> Yeah.
>> You're using emails, right? Yep.
>> All right. We'll get into that. I also
want to get into the equipment cuz
that's probably a big part of this, like
picking the right equipment.
>> But before we go there, what did your
first paying job look like? Or didn't
you go to like you were on Facebook. How
did you get your first job? Because I
think that's the hardest part for
business owners, even if it's an
unpaying job.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, I I went on Facebook,
made a post in our town's page and just
said, "Hey, I'd love to help out a
business. Vote below for for who you
want to see have a new lot
>> for what like what business needs or
would like a new parking lot, new
lines."
>> Yep. Exactly. We got great engagement
and that was part of the strategy was I
want to get my name out there. I want
people to start thinking about it, try
to reach as many business owners as I
could. And then I I don't remember how
many uh different businesses were
nominated, but I wanted to reach out to
all of them to see if they would pay
after
>> for, you know, we we'll choose the
winner and then see see if anyone else
will pay.
>> What were your costs on that first free
job? Like your hard costs?
>> Uh so I had bought the machine. So So
materials was just paint and I spent
five bucks.
>> Five bucks on paint.
>> Yeah. I mean it was small. It was
>> small ass. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Dollar a line. And that's I mean I
wasted some it we'll see. You have to
dial it in a little so I wasted a little
but yeah super
>> of learning. Yeah. Okay. What did your
second job look like? Your first
>> So second job so I went from five lines
to 250
>> 250 lines.
>> Wow. Okay.
>> Yeah. I was nervous.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh
>> did that come from that post?
>> No. I I sent some emails and um this was
a church nearby and they reached out and
they wanted they wanted a quote for
ceiling and for striping and I didn't
know anything at all about ceiling at
all. And so I said, "Hey, I'll quote you
for striping."
>> Yeah.
>> And um gave them a quote. I think it was
$1190, $1,190.
>> How How did you land on that?
>> So I used Chat GPT. I watched some
YouTube videos and and it seemed like I
was in the range. Like is that like four
a line? Is that how you price it?
>> Yeah, I think I was at $4.50 per line
and then there were some arrows, some
handicap signs that bumped it up a
little.
>> Okay. Do you still price at that range?
>> I've I've bumped it up so I'll start at
five.
>> Okay.
>> And then if I'm if I'm traveling a
little bit or um if the lines are really
hard to see and we're going to redraw
them or like reline line up the lines,
then I'll I'll go up to like seven.
>> Okay. How many cold emails did you have
to send to find that customer?
>> I sent I think my first day I sent
around 50.
>> Okay. Just manually.
>> Yeah. Manually. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Hey, we're going to get into your cold
email strategy, too, cuz I mean that's
kind of the secret to all this, right?
>> It's worked out.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, second customer from cold
emails, you make 1,100 bucks. You're
almost to break even. What did your
third customer look like and how did you
find them?
>> Third customer came from that same email
blast.
>> Okay.
>> So, it it really started to pick up. I
think I think I did three or four
quotes.
>> Okay.
>> Um within that first week and I I sent
out maybe another 250 emails. I think it
was around 300 total.
>> Okay.
>> After that it was that was it. I was
just following up with all these quotes.
>> Yeah.
>> So we had another church that we did. It
was a similar similar amount. It was
like around 1,000 or 1,200 bucks.
>> Okay. All right. So what did your first
month look like as far as revenue is
concerned?
>> Yeah. So first month started a little
slow. took a while to get those quotes
approved. And that was one thing I
learned about the churches was they have
to go through their board. It it takes a
couple weeks, but first month I did just
over 2,800.
>> Okay. 2,800 bucks. Any profit in that?
>> I mean, it's it's like 75% profit
because I was doing it all myself.
>> Wow. Okay.
>> So,
>> two grand, let's say, probably.
>> Yeah. Cool. Were you happy with that? I
for me it it showed that it it could
work.
>> Yeah.
>> But I was happy because I knew that I
already had a couple jobs lined up for
November that were big.
>> You were happy about the promise that it
showed.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Yep. I could see it growing fast.
>> Okay. So, 2,000 in profit the first
month. Second month.
>> So, second month we did 46,825.
>> I'm like expecting you to say 4600. You
doubled but like
>> No, we went crazy. Yeah. out. Is that
just because you had filled your
pipeline in the first month and then it
started paying out the second month?
>> Yeah, exactly. So, I I was not sending
out any new quotes. I was not doing
anything different. I was just trying to
keep up. We hired some people to help
out and there were there were a lot of
10 12-hour days, 6 days a week for for a
couple weeks.
>> Were you thrilled with that?
>> Oh, yeah. I loved it.
>> Yeah.
>> That's like that's product market fit.
Like that's so much demand that you
can't even sleep.
>> Yeah. Literally. Yeah. Yeah.
>> People talk about, "Oh, I need to focus.
I'm worried. I'm not focused. Shiny
object syndrome." Like in months like
that, you don't have shiny object
syndrome.
>> Yeah. No, I wasn't thinking about
anything. It was like just get these
jobs done. We We were up against the
weather, too.
>> Yeah.
>> We were just trying to get it before it
it got too cold. So,
>> okay. Now, on this channel, we don't
only talk about revenue. That's
misleading. How much of that 46,000 was
profit?
>> So, I I went home with just under 20 in
profit.
>> Like, you took 20 grand home. took 20
grand home cuz sometimes profit
>> it's not true profit. It's profit on
paper. It stays in the business. You're
putting it towards growth, but you're
like I paid myself like
>> Yeah. I I mean I
>> took home like took home.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So So I I started
this business with uh just over $3,000,
but then I I did buy some more equipment
during this those two months.
>> Yeah.
>> And so yeah, profit would have been
higher. I had to sub out some of the
work, but uh I was still really happy.
>> Yeah,
>> that's the most I've ever made in a
month. Yeah.
>> Now, you may have already heard me say
this a million times, but I've started
over 80 businesses, and you're not
really a business until you have an LLC.
An LLC protects you from liability. If
you own a business with no LLC, then
they can sue you personally. So, I use
Busy for all of my LLC registration
needs. It's insanely userfriendly and
easy to use. I would not work with them
as an official sponsor of this channel
unless I actually use them and love what
they do. You can file an LLC yourself on
your state's website, but it is
confusing. It's complex. Often times,
you can't even like find where to go or
what to click on and you're calling the
800 number. I don't recommend that. The
thing with Bizzy is you don't actually
pay them. You just pay your state filing
fees. You use Bizzy for their interface
and then you can use them for other
things like your registered agent
service. They will get you your EIN,
which is your tax identification number.
They just help you get fully
incorporated and set up so you can be
protected because once you're officially
incorporated, you can start writing off
all these business expenses, your paint,
your equipment, your mileage, your
truck, everything. If you want to write
those things off to save money on taxes,
you got to be official. You want to be
incorporated. They don't have sneaky
subscriptions. It's one-time payments.
They're extremely affordable. So, I
highly recommend for all of your
formation needs, registered agent needs,
LLC, EIN, all of that, check out
busy.com. That's biz.com.
Why Why churches? Why Why are they more
likely to say yes to you?
>> So, I I don't think they're more likely.
I'm glad I chose them because there's
there's a few advantages. One, we're
here. It's what's today? Thursday.
Thursday at noon. And uh it's empty. And
so, it makes it really easy to go do.
The first job I did, I did at night
because they were they had cars in
coming in and out during the day. And so
this is really nice because I don't have
cars coming in and out. I can block it
off really easy. And uh and then the
other thing is so this lot has 82 lines
and that's a good size.
>> Okay.
>> It's it's easy to do in a couple hours
and but it's still you're you're going
to make good money.
>> All right. What does a job like this
pay? And for the viewers, we're standing
in a church parking lot with 82 lots.
>> Yeah. 82 parking stalls. So, I I priced
this one competitively. I wanted to get
this on the schedule. If it's in the
summer, I would have charged higher cuz
we're busier, but right now, I'm I'm
happy. So, this lot is going to be $760
total. So, each line we priced at $5.
>> And so, there's a couple things here.
One, like we we we're not going to
reline them. They're straight enough.
>> So, we're just going to stay pretty
standard $5. And then we can see, so
over here there's a no, there's no
parking hatching.
>> Yeah. So with this, I basically just
double it. I know it's not super
scientific, but I I just say for every
every uh area like this, 10 bucks.
>> Yeah.
>> So there's there's some more over there
like that. With this, I actually So I
quoted this from satellite and
>> from like Google Earth.
>> Uh I or use a different software? I use
a different software, but um I missed
this on the satellite.
>> I didn't see it. So So they got a
freebie. This I would have charged at 50
>> 50 bucks.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> And I would have bumped it up, but uh it
it'll be easy to knock out, so it's
fine. So the rest of the lot is super
straightforward. I mean, it's it's very
basic. Um we have again another area of
of uh no parking, so that's another 10
bucks. And then over here we're going to
see there's some handicap areas which I
which I charge a little differently as
well as some directional arrows.
>> And you charge differently for the
handicaps just cuz it's more work. It's
a little more complex.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So I have to use my
stencils. And we're going to do these
ones blue. So you can see I don't know
who did this but they uh they didn't put
put any handicaps in.
>> They did a crap job.
>> I I don't want to say that but
>> I'll say it.
>> Okay. There there are some areas where
it's like okay what happened here? Yeah.
What's going on here?
>> Yeah. So, so I like that though because
that gives me a chance to look really
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what what I'll do is I just use
black paint and I'd cover that up.
>> Well, you fix it.
>> Go a step further. Okay.
>> Yeah. And and if I mess up, I'll do
that. But so so these the handicap
symbols, uh I think I quoted it at 25 25
each.
>> Each.
>> Yeah. So 760 for this whole parking lot.
How many hours will it take you to do
it?
>> Two. Two and a half.
>> So 370 bucks an hour, give or take. No
employees needed for this job. Just you.
>> This is small enough I can do it. Yeah.
>> Okay. And how much in materials will you
use for this?
>> I'll use So, it's it's mostly just the
white and then we'll have a little bit
of blue and I would say like $130 bucks.
>> 130 bucks. Okay. Plus gas to get here
and back. Yeah.
>> So, you're looking at conservatively
$200 in cost or $550 in profit.
>> Yeah.
>> That's awesome. For 2 hours of work.
>> Two and a half. Yeah.
>> Okay. 250 bucks an hour.
>> Yep. Not bad. So there's there's the one
arrow we have here.
>> Okay.
>> But it's it's straightforward. We're not
One thing I like when there's a fire
lane, I mean, that adds another couple
hundred bucks. So, and what you see a
lot of people do is they're they're
going to charge you to switch over the
paint
>> because we have to run it through the
machine. So, that's like another
>> Do you charge for that?
>> Uh, sometimes it it depends.
>> You have to waste some materials for
that.
>> It's mostly just time.
>> Yeah. Okay.
From what I understand, your eyes were
open to seal coating and crack filling
at some point, right? Yeah. So, I I
started when I would go meet these these
people to give them quotes. I I would
try to always go in person and they
always wanted striping and ceiling. I
only had this machine. I wanted to just
do the lines. That's what I had, you
know, heard on your your podcast,
watched some YouTubes on, and uh that's
what I felt comfortable doing. But
everyone wanted a seal coding quote as
well.
>> Yeah.
>> And so that that got my wheels turning.
>> Would you have done that revenue your
second month without seal coding?
>> No way. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's a big
part of it. They're they're it's a it's
a bigger ticket job.
>> What's the best day you've ever had? How
much revenue in one day?
>> Yeah. So So for a one day job, we've had
some some jobs that lasted longer, but
for a one day seal coating job, it was
uh it was 13,000.
>> 13,000. Jeez. No line striping in that
at all. Uh, we we did that. We broke it
up. So, we we did that the next day.
>> Okay.
>> I think that was 1,700.
>> Okay. Jeez. What's the biggest job
you've done regardless of how long it
took?
>> So, we we did one job that was 26,000.
>> What was that? A church?
>> That was a big church. Yep.
>> What did payment terms look like? Do you
get paid after before?
>> Yeah, that's a good question. So, so
when I just did the striping, I was okay
getting paid at the end. Yeah. Uh, for
it all
>> cuz your costs are low.
>> Yeah, my costs are low. It's it's 1,000
or 1,500 bucks and it's also it's like a
church. They're not going to run away on
me.
>> Yeah.
>> For seal coating, the material costs a
lot more and so we'll charge 50% up up
front.
>> Okay. 13 grand and then 50% upon
completion or 30 days later upon
completion.
>> You're not waiting 30 days to get them.
>> Yeah. I mean, we'll give them seven, but
yeah, they they've all been good.
>> It's crazy to me that like a guy rolls
up in a beatup truck with this and you
hand him 26 grand, but it's gear. So, so
I I wish I had
>> Oh, the steel coating. You have a
trailer for that.
>> Well, I didn't show up like that. I I
wish I had a truck. I showed up in my
minivan.
And And you want to talk about beat up?
We had a raccoon go through the front.
It looks terrible.
>> You had the $26,000 job with the
minivan.
>> Yeah.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah. I did not think he was going to do
it.
>> Oh, that's so You know how many people
are just too insecure to even quote a
job like that with a minivan? Like, oh,
who's going to say? And they
>> Oh, I was insecure.
>> Yeah, but you still did it.
>> Yeah, I did it. Right. We do it anyway,
right? We do the hard thing despite the
fact that we're insecure. We don't avoid
it because we are. 26,000 to What is
that minivan worth?
>> It's priceless. As in I I couldn't sell
it. It's
>> like a $2,000 minivan we're talking.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, maybe 2,000.
It's I I did a couple jobs in it for
striping and I spilled two gallons of
paint back there.
>> That's a lot. My wife was not happy.
>> That's a lot of paint.
>> It's a lot of paint. That one. Are you
still married?
>> Yeah. And we still have the van. Yeah.
>> You still have it?
>> We still have it.
>> Oh, that's amazing.
>> All right. So, talk to me about crack
filling. So, I started with striping and
then everyone wanted those quotes for
seal coating and crack filling.
>> So, I I landed a my first job, had no
equipment. I drove 3 hours to go pick up
a machine, spent another 1,500 bucks on
it, and uh yeah, got started the next
day. Everything we do is about making
this look good and last longer because
to replace this whole parking lot,
you're talking probably a couple hundred
thousand.
>> Wow.
>> Um if if you had to dig it up and redo
it. So So we want this to last as long
as we can. So if we can if we can fill
in these cracks, the pavement's going to
last longer. It's going to look good and
it won't keep it won't develop the
potholes and the larger cracks over
winter. Yeah. How do you quote that?
>> It's it's by the linear foot. So, I've
got I've got this I've got a wheel that
I'll push around. If it's this big, I
think I've gotten to the point where I'm
willing to just say, "Hey, this is what
I'm thinking."
>> You don't want to measure every single
crack. You're saying
>> there's no way.
>> Yeah.
>> There's a lot going on here.
>> Yeah. So, that's that's tough. And um
but we'll charge 30 cents to a dollar
per square foot. Okay.
>> Or per per linear foot. Yep. So, we can
measure. So, yeah. Let's do it right
down there. Let's just see.
If you go to the cement right here,
we're at 38 ft. So, I'd be like, "Okay,
this is 38 bucks." And there's, you can
just see how many lines there are. Okay,
let's pretend this was the only line,
the only crack in the parking lot. 38
bucks. How long does it take you? How
much materials?
>> So, it it's going to take me probably 20
minutes to warm it up. We've got a tank
of propane. We're heating the material
up.
>> Okay. So, 20 minutes to heat up and then
to actually do this
two minutes. Wow.
>> Yeah. I mean, I'm just walking.
>> And you're never doing just one crack.
>> No. No. I I think I think the smallest
crack filling job I had was over 400.
>> Okay.
>> But most of them are two or 3,000.
>> Okay. And then um how much of materials
for like a $38 crack?
>> Yeah. For this uh five bucks, 10 bucks.
>> Wow. So
>> 90% it depends how deep they are. It's
it's going to vary quite a bit. And I've
I've eatened it before where where I did
a job.
>> Don't eat it. It'll kill you, dude.
>> I know. Yeah. Don't eat it. Right. But I
I did a job. I worked for 2 days. I
walked away with nothing.
>> Why?
>> Just quoted it wrong.
>> Uh that happens.
>> So So the cracks, they look like this,
but then they were six or seven in deep.
>> 67. Huh.
>> And so it just ate up the material.
>> Jeez. Okay. So generally if you quot
right 80 to 90% um gross profit margin
before your other overhead and cost
>> I'd say 70.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> 70 is probably pretty safe.
>> Yeah.
>> It it it does depend because like I mean
you see these cracks.
>> Yep.
>> Those are going to be that that takes
nothing, right?
>> So to film this video I had to pay
thousands of dollars in editing and
videography. I had to drive 2 hours
stuck in traffic. It's a lot of work. So
to say thanks, please just hit
subscribe. Maybe share it with an
entrepreneurial friend. Maybe comment.
Let me know if you like this. Let me
know how it could be better if you don't
like it. I would really appreciate your
subscribe and your engagement. Thank
you. Now, tell me about seal coating.
So, seal coating is my favorite. I'll
quote a lot of jobs from satellite,
right? So, it's easy to measure and I I
can take measurements if I need, but
this lot is uh 46,900
ft.
>> Just about 1 in.
>> Just just about. Yeah. Seal coating.
What we're going to do, we've got we've
got a big tank that I that I tow behind
the truck. It's uh 275 gallons and we're
just going to we have a spray system
where we're just spraying out this this
asphalt a thin layer of asphalt. So for
for this right here have to do the math
but it would be just over 9,000 bucks
>> for this parking lot.
>> For this parking lot less than a day
>> it would be it would be a day. Yeah.
>> Full like a full work day.
>> Yeah. Full day.
>> If you were to hire that out to an
employee, what would you pay him to do
that? So the the going rates 25 or 30
bucks an hour.
>> Okay. So let's say it's 30 10our day
$300 in labor. How much in materials for
the seal coating job for this job?
>> Yeah. So where where I get it from my
asphalt supplier? Um it's about 6 cents
a square foot.
>> Okay. 46,000 ft. Okay. So 4600. So we're
like three grand.
>> Yeah. Around there. So So I mean when
I'm quoting it's going to be between
like 15 and 25 cents. Yeah.
>> And so you can do the math. It's it's
triple or quadruple
>> the material basically.
>> So for a job like this, assuming you
already have the equipment, you're going
to pay $9,000, right? That's that's what
you're charging. You're going to give um
3% of that goes to your labor.
>> So So I've got two guys. They're each
getting 300 bucks.
>> Okay. 6% of that.
>> Okay. 6% of that. And then um 30% of it
goes to costs. Yeah.
>> Right. So let's call it 10% to labor,
30% to cost. That leaves 60% for profit.
And then your insurance, your gas, your
any overhead. So yeah, it could be like
a 50% net profit job even if you don't
do it yourself.
>> Yeah, that's amazing. 4,500 bucks profit
in a day for outsourcing the work.
>> Yeah,
>> that's incredible. If we seal it, which
I would love to because um the lines are
going to look just so good after. But if
we seal it, we are going to charge more
for the lines because some of them
they're so faint.
>> Oh, you got to do more measuring. Yeah,
if I've got a chalk line and and not all
of them, but the ones that are hard to
see, we got to snap the chalk line.
>> And that's a pain probably.
>> Yeah. I I honestly I hate it. It's
tedious. I'm I'm not the most detail
oriented. So, I've got this OCD guy who
is amazing.
>> Every single line is is perfect. And you
can see some of these lines on that
side. They're not at the right angle.
>> Yeah.
>> And so, if we could seal coat this, then
we would line those up to be to be
correct. Okay. You love seal coating. If
you could only do seal coding, it'd be
that.
>> Yeah. I mean, the the church doesn't
just want that, right? They want the
striping. But yeah.
>> Is it important that people do all three
cuz you get your foot in the door with
one of them and then you upsell the
other or vice versa?
>> So So in my experience, and I did I got
my foot in the door with the striping
and it led to other stuff. So I could
sub it out, but but what I found was
there's too much demand and not enough
supply. And so if I
>> for striping
>> uh for for all of it. Okay.
>> And so if so I I wanted to sub out the
seal coating and I would talk to these
other companies and they would say,
"Yeah, I could do it in a month."
>> Which means they're making a lot of
money. They don't care about you.
>> Yeah. They don't have time. And if they
do have time, it's the companies that
are just terrible. Like no one no one
wants to work with them. Yeah.
>> And so I just said, "Okay, I have to I
have to learn. I have to figure this
out." So, in this industry, there's just
like there's way more people that want
to pay for it than there are people
doing the work like you are.
>> Yeah.
>> Way more demand than supply.
>> That's what I've seen.
>> Yeah.
So, what are you doing right now? Okay.
So, we've got our our tip guard here and
then the tip. So, this is what's
actually going to spray. You can see
that little hole. Just the tip.
>> Yep. So, we're going to get this ready
to go now. I'll crank it up here.
Pressure's off.
>> It looks like the same motor as my
pressure washer
>> or a lawn mower. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> This is all waterbased paint. If you're
doing concrete, you need oil. But this
is great for for asphalt. And you can do
oil for for asphalt, too. But, uh, if
you've seal coated, it'll turn yellow
and hazy if you stripe it with oil.
Okay. Move this guy out of the way.
So, these machines are meant to be used
with just a 5gallon bucket.
>> Yep.
>> That's very convenient.
>> Yeah. So, what what I'm checking for is
just to make sure it's about 4 in. I
mean, four 4 in is a lot. Yeah, that is
a lot. And it doesn't have to be exact.
I mean, these guys did probably three.
Okay, that's pretty good. So, one thing
I've learned is uh I want to start with
the the farthest part away because
sometimes it's still right at the start.
It's a little watery and I want
everything up close to look. Yeah,
exactly. So, what's your secret to
finding customers? So, my secret to to
finding customers is the email, but my
secret to getting clients and customers
is to just be professional. Even with a
minivan? Yeah, even with a minivan.
>> So, professionalism is more about how
you act than what you drive.
>> I I think it helps. My close rate
increased once I got the truck. We're
we're getting company shirts this
winter. But, uh yeah, just being
respectful helps a lot. Being nice.
>> It makes you stand out.
>> Yeah. Tell me about your email strategy.
>> So, email I uh I work with a guy
overseas just on Upwork. Found him and I
pay him five or six bucks for a list
that he provides. So you just buy lists
of leads from him.
>> Yep. He just scrapes it. I could do it.
I could figure it out, I'm sure. But
it's it's not worth the time. Yeah. So
he does that for me. Yeah. So the email
just says, "Hey, I'm new to this. I will
give you a good price. Let's make your
church look good for Christmas." And
then you go out and try to You quote
everything in person.
>> I try to. Some of them just want to They
don't want to meet me. They They don't
need to.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And so my close rate is
better in person, but yeah, it is what
it is. What is your close rate? Um, it's
like 40 to 50%.
>> Okay.
>> And so what what I'll say is, hey, I'm
new to this. I'm going to take my time
and do a good job and uh Yeah, I would
love to do the business for you.
>> Yeah. So you get up and you're going to
quote about five bucks a line.
>> Yeah. Uh like five to 25 bucks per
stencil.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> 10 or 25. 102. Okay.
>> How do you invoice them? What software
do you use?
>> So, I'll I'll send them a quote with a
software. I use quote IQ,
>> but uh most most everybody wants to pay
with check for churches. Okay.
>> Which I love. There's no fees.
>> Yeah. If someone wanted to start this
business without equipment, what would
they do?
>> Yeah. So, I I know some people will
start with rollers.
>> Just paint rollers. 20 bucks.
>> 4 in rollers. And it's tedious. You're
going to have to tape a lot of the lines
to do a good job. But when this
machine's been down, we've done it.
>> Yeah.
>> And you can save up money for a machine.
Yeah. Okay. And and another thing that I
like is like I mean, you can see this
line. It's not perfectly straight. It's
not It's not a standard, you know,
there's there's some variation, but I'm
the only one who knows that. Um no one
no one else who looks and is like, "Oh,
that's that's a little out." Yeah. They
just want to see it.
>> Yeah.
>> So, so I mean, I want to do the best job
possible, but uh it's not too hard. So,
get your first $3,000 in revenue with
paint rollers
>> and then you buy a machine. I mean, I
would get a machine sooner than later.
But, yeah, if you need to. Now, if you
remember, Hunter started this line
striping business because of my podcast
episode with Sinko, who also has a line
striping business in Waco, Texas. If you
want more accountability, more
partnerships, more learning, check out
tkowners.com. It's my private community
where I answer questions via Zoom on a
weekly basis. I'm like your personal
consultant for a fraction of a fraction
of the price. You also have other people
in there starting businesses based on my
content. You got exclusive guides,
courses, growth hacks, discounts,
virtual meetups. You can learn about AI
tools. Everything you ever need to know
to start a business you'll find at
tkowners.com. So go check it out. So how
much were these stencils?
>> Yeah. So, so the only things I bought to
get started were the machine and then I
bought a pack of stencils.
>> Okay.
>> And I knew I wanted to give this a real
shot. So, I bought the contractor grade,
the heavier, thicker material.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And it was $800
>> for all the stencils.
>> Uh,
>> for what?
>> I got these two. I got some arrows.
>> Okay.
>> I got like no parking fire lane ones.
>> Does this go right in there? So, we'll
we'll do the blue layer first and then
we'll move we'll let it dry and then
this will be white.
>> Okay.
>> So, I'm trying to just like line it up
more or less with that.
>> I imagine there's like regulations on
this, right? Like this has to be a
certain size. It has to be visible
enough.
>> So, I'm not an expert. There probably
are, but the manufacturers probably sell
them big enough so you don't have to
think even think about that.
>> Well, I mean, this one doesn't even have
them, right? And so my my understanding
is you have to have the sign that says
handicapped and then this is just
aesthetics. It's just
>> yeah redundancy.
>> Yeah. Like in Missouri a lot of them are
just this. They'll just have a yellow or
white guy. They won't have the blue
square. But what I do is I think it
looks so much says this was just redone.
It looks so good. And so I don't charge
I a lot of people charge like 40 bucks
or 60 bucks. I just want it to look
really good. Like this is my this is my
>> like your statement piece.
>> Yeah. This is this is like my freebie to
them to just say, "Hey, it's gonna look
good."
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, this is honestly pushing it
where I have eight of these. If I if I
have 10, I'm going to spray it. But, uh,
if I've got three or four, it's just so
much faster to do this than to worry
about changing the paint and and all
that. Yeah.
>> So, let's do it.
>> Just roll it out real fast. So this
Yeah, I mean you have to have some sort
of stencils. You could tape it off, but
but realistically it's probably going to
look pretty bad.
>> Okay.
>> If you do that,
>> someone could literally start this
business with just a roller and some
paint and an email address.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's it's going to be
slower, but you could do it.
>> Yeah.
>> So, start with some paint, a roller,
email some C. I'm oversimplifying it,
but you're not, though. That's what I
did. I mean, I I bought the machine, but
but in retrospect, Yeah. If you don't
have the money for a machine, you start
with this. It's tedious, but it's cheap.
It's 20 bucks.
>> Yeah. Build your portfolio. I mean, you
if you could get a couple jobs with
this, knock them out, then you could go
get some big jobs. And when you get the
big jobs, buy the machine. You don't
need to buy it beforehand.
>> Yeah. All right. So, once someone
graduates from the $4 roller, what
should they do regarding equipment?
>> So, if you're doing striping equipment,
um I I like Graco. That's what I use.
Okay. Okay. And I think it's it's the
the best out there.
>> Is there like a model you would
recommend?
>> I have two. That one over there is the
3400.
>> Okay.
>> And it's it's the the beginner model, I
guess. It's it's the smallest,
>> but it's still super durable. And um it
it's painted America. You see it
everywhere.
>> Okay.
>> So, that one's good. And then if you
want to upgrade just a little bit, I
have a 39002.
>> Okay.
>> And that's got it's got two guns on it.
So, it's a little fancier, a little
bulkier, but both are great.
>> What is What do those run you?
>> So, I I bought mine for 2,300.
>> Okay. New or used?
>> Used. Yeah. Yeah. I saw it on Facebook.
>> Would you do that again by used first?
>> It's been a pain cuz I've had to replace
some parts.
>> Yeah.
>> And I've had to learn, but at the same
time, if if you had said, "Hey, it's
going to take $10,000 to start this
business." Would I have done it? I don't
know.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I think it's it's been good enough.
Do I want to buy new? Yeah, I do.
>> What What would a new one cost of the
same model?
>> So, that same model is about 6,000. 6
to7,000.
>> Okay. Any other uh equipment tips or
tricks that you'd recommend?
>> Yeah. So, so paint's a big one cuz we
buy so much of it. So, so this right
here is uh is from a company called PPG.
Okay.
>> And it's and it's Flint Fast Dry is the
brand name. And and it's been great. So
the the yellow and white, it's about a
hundred bucks per five gallons,
>> which is great. The the other big
company that sells it is Sherwin
Williams and and it's going to be more.
It's going to be more like 150 160. So
that's that's some real savings right
there. And and I don't think my
experience has been and I've talked to a
lot of people, it's not quite as good
the Sherwin Williams stuff. So it's
going to clog more. You have to strain
it two or three times sometimes. So,
>> what would you recommend for the the
crack filling and the seal coating
equipment?
>> Yeah. So, I I wanted to buy used for
both of those. I think that's easier
because it's more durable, so you're not
going to have to replace as many parts.
I couldn't find anything and I had a
job. So, I bought the crack filling
machine new from a company called
Sealite in Missouri. It was 1,500 bucks.
>> Oh, wow. That's not bad.
>> No, it's not bad. And it's been great.
Um, no issues at all with it. And then
the
>> seal coating.
>> Yeah, seal coating. I bought a trailer
with a tank and a pump and that cost
6,000 and that was used.
>> Okay. And you do the same thing again?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Happy with both of those? Yeah.
>> Okay. Someone wanted to start this
business. What advice would you give
them?
>> Yeah. I would say first off, just go for
it. It's it's a low risk. There's
there's a lot of people who need the
service. You'll find jobs. Yeah. It's
not hard.
>> Do you think it's realistic that someone
could start this with 20 bucks?
>> I absolutely. And and I don't think it's
hard to to work your way up to buy a
machine either.
>> Yeah.
>> It's just it's just a couple jobs.
>> Yeah. Now, you got your first free
customer from posting on Facebook
groups, your local town's Facebook
group, right? Would you suggest that
other people do the same?
>> Yeah, absolutely. And and what I would
do, what what I wish I had done
differently is just own being brand new.
I I wish I would have said instead of,
"Hey, I'm here to help out," which which
I was, but I'm brand new and I'm here to
help.
>> Well, people want to help you. Like,
people are good, right? And and my
minimum now it's it keeps going up. I
I'm not going to get out for less than
500 bucks. And so you have a lot of
small parking lots around that are five,
six, 10 lines. They they're not going to
pay 500 bucks. They would love to have
someone come out and do it.
>> Yeah. I'm kind of wondering, is there
any marketing you could do like while
you're on the job to get other business
owners inquiring?
>> Yeah. So, we're we're going to do yard
signs and then uh one thing one thing
our our main competitor does, they're
they're a bigger company. They have
these big barricades that that has their
name just everywhere like blocking off
the parking lot. They're really just
advertising.
>> Yeah. Well, and it's helpful because
like with these cones, we've had people
they just drive right over or try to
drive they move them, they drive through
them. And so it's it's helpful just to
keep the lot blocked off, but then also
to just say, "Hey, this looks good.
We're the ones who did it.
>> Give us a call."
>> With everything we've covered today, do
you think this is enough for people to
start this business?
>> Yeah, I I think so. I mean, this is
hopefully I've I've shared some good
tips and and this is more than I knew
starting. Yeah, you can absolutely just
go for it. If you're looking for more
for more uh help,
>> yeah, you have free guides that that we
can link below and as well as an option
for inerson training, if that's
something you're interested in.
>> Yeah, we'll link that below. And
otherwise, um feel free to contact me on
on my website 417striping.com
or on on Twitter. Okay,
thanks for hanging out on the Kerner
office.